
“As a reward for the serious trouble I have taken to expound the purely scientific aspects of our problem …, I beg leave to add my own, necessarily subjective, view of the philosophical implications.”
Erwin Schrödinger


“All models are wrong. We make tentative assumptions about the real world which we know are false but which we believe may be useful.”- (Box 1976)


For many events, \\
roughly 80\% of the effects \\
come from 20\% of the causes.
--Vilfredo Pareto


David: "Sometimes to create, one must first destroy."

“Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.”
― Horace


Write a wise saying and your name will live forever. -- Anonymous

Unless a reviewer has the courage to give you unqualified praise, I say ignore the bastard. -- John Steinbeck

The Authority Of Those Who Teach Is Often An Obstacle To Those Who Want To Learn. -- Cicero

Perhaps The Most Valuable Result Of All Education Is The Ability To Make Yourself Do The Thing You Have To Do, When It Ought To Be Done, Whether You Like It Or Not. -- Aldous Huxley


If you think it's simple, then you have misunderstood the problem. -- Bjarne Stroustrup

My definition of a scientist is that you can complete the following sentence: ‘he or she has shown that…’,” -- E. O. Wilson, 2014

``Begin at the beginning,'' the King said gravely, ``and go on till you come to the end: then stop.'' -- Lewis Carroll, \textit{Alice in Wonderland}

Time will tell. It always does. --DrWho??

People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to affect, but actually, from a non-linier, non-subjective point of view, it's more like a big ball of wibbily-wobbly timey-wimey... stuff.
Doctor Who (David Tennant)




% There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
%-- Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species

%Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
%-- Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man

% “I am not apt to follow blindly the lead of other men”
% Charles Darwin

% “We stopped looking for monsters under our bed when we realized that they were inside us.”
% ― Charles Darwin

% “The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us; and I for one must be content to remain an agnostic.”
% ― Charles Darwin

% “Freedom of thought is best promoted by the gradual illumination of men’s minds which follows from the advance of science.”
%― Charles Darwin

% “It is always advisable to perceive clearly our ignorance.”
%― Charles Darwin, The Expression of Emotion in Man and Animals

%“A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone.”
%― Charles Darwin

% “We cannot fathom the marvelous complexity of an organic being; but on the hypothesis here advanced this complexity is much increased. Each living creature must be looked at as a microcosm--a little universe, formed of a host of self-propagating organisms, inconceivably minute and as numerous as the stars in heaven.”
%― Charles Darwin

% “In conclusion, it appears that nothing can be more improving to a young naturalist, than a journey in distant countries.”
%― Charles Darwin, Voyage of the Beagle

% I think it inevitably follows, that as new species in the course of time are formed through natural selection, others will become rarer and rarer, and finally extinct.
%― Charles Darwin

%“I had also, during many years, followed a golden rule, namely that whenever published fact, a new observation of thought came across me, which was opposed to my general results, to make a memorandum of it without fail and at once; for I had found by experience that such facts and thoughts were far more apt to escape from the memory than favourable ones.”
%― Charles Darwin


% “Hiding within those mounds of data is knowledge that could change the life of a patient, or change the world.” – Atul Butte, Stanford

% “It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly, one begins to twist the facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.” – Sherlock Holmes

% “We chose it because we deal with huge amounts of data. Besides, it sounds really cool.” – Larry Page

% Data! Data! Data! I can’t make bricks without clay! - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
